Stay away from me
In case of an accident, I'm fine.
What are you looking at?
Don't ask what you shouldn't ask
Lao Liu
You don't understand
Sure enough, what did you find out?
And the destructive power of mutation can not only attack humans
And it can cause mutation in animals and insects
Because of the structure of this virus
It can attack almost any creature
Is it Bao Bao after that?
You can't even eat abalone and lobster. It's not delicious.
No wonder we can pick up so many
It turns out that others don't want it.
Yes!
It seems that people who knew earlier that this seafood should not be eaten
It must have something to do with the Sakura Organization
Is it Xie Gang?
Hahahaha